Lord War God
The Chinese dragon vein outside the western suburbs
William understands astrology
Could it be that he will steal the reputation of China and Wucheng?
Whatever he wants to do
I will die by my Xuanyuan sword today
Where's my wife?
Don't worry.
How about you play a game with me?
How do you want to play?
Calculate password
We will
What about winning or losing?
If you win
I'll give you your wife if you lose
Give me back the royal treasure of Western medicine
You should know who my master is, right?
Haha, Daoist Priest Xuanyue
Prophet Ancestor
God of worship to all your Chinese people
But this old bastard scratched my Dafa of Xingyun
Make our Western medicine country suffer a great decline
Use your head today
To pay tribute to my lucky Dafa
Skeptics overreach
A trivial star spell
It's just a branch of my horoscope
I also want to compare it to me crossing a Taoist spell
Hahahaha
Let's see the real chapter
Shijingchen saw this
That's what we call it.
Calculate the country of China
Aquatic wood makes fire
In the land of dragon veins, trees, water and fire attacked
So my country flourished like a golden house
Like water under the sword
There is this laurel tree
You must bless me, the national prestige of China is greatly shocked
Chiayi ten days of martial arts must sing long
Long live the god of war
China is mighty
Now I cross Kyushu
Located in the dragon vein
There is my god of war guarding here again
monsters
Don't even think about it.
Hahahaha
Skinson, are you endorsing?
You're wrong. This tree grows on a dragon's tail
Dragon tail breath
Guaguobi urge
Hahaha, your country's luck is coming to an end.
bold
Your little country doesn't even deserve to be our vassal country
How dare you say that my country is lucky?
In vain, the heart of China is immortal
Among the strange crimes